update on php hardening options (#239)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/PHP_Configuration_Cheat_Sheet.md

track_errors            = Off
html_errors             = Off
```

> ## Suhosin (only usable in 5.X branch and should not be used in prod now as 5.X is EOL)

Reviewer: We're looking to implement tables of contents for the cheatsheets at some point in the future, so this kind of long title is going to look a bit ugly when that happens. Would you be able to reformat it along the lines of:
```
## Suhosin  (PHP 5)
Don't use, unsupported, etc
[...]

## Snuggleupagus (PHP 7)
Beta, caution, etc
[...]
```

The beta warning should probably be made stronger, the suhosin page says:

"WARNING: THIS SOFTWARE IS PRE-ALPHA SOFTWARE. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO RUN IN PRODUCTION"

Author: Suhousin is not usable in PHP 7 at all. the link is to clearly showcase that snuggleupagus is the only option for 7.X series.

```
PHP 7.3 support and snufflepagus

For a suitable Suhosin7 replacement with PHP 7.3 support, please have a look at snufflepagus
```

Future plans of Suhousin are to improve on snuggleupagus as mentioned https://github.com/sektioneins/suhosin-ng/wiki/News Do you think this would be more appropriate link in this location.

Reviewer: Suhosin-NG looks even less mature (or started) than Snuffleupagus, so I'm not sure there's too much value in linking to it at this stage. Although worth keeping an eye on how it develops.

Consider using [Suhosin](https://suhosin.org/) if you want to patch many custom security flaws in various parts of PHP. 

> ## Snuggleupagus (7.X Series, beta product use with caution)

Reviewer: Is this stable enough to be recommending? The suhosin link in here makes it pretty clear you shouldn't be using it for anything important.

Author: The product is out since 2016 i have seen traces online where providers are implementing it and this is the only option at this point besides php.ini tweaking if you want to control PHP. not recommending it will be a dis-service. Hence recommended with caveat.

track_errors            = Off
html_errors             = Off
```

## Suhosin (PHP 5.X)

Consider using [Suhosin](https://suhosin.org/) if you want to patch many custom security flaws in various parts of PHP. 

> Note: only usable in 5.X branch and should not be used in prod now as 5.X is EOL.

Reviewer 2: Beware of markdown new line. Line 113 and line 114 are on the same line in markdown format.

I'd recommend the following as well:
```suggestion
> **Suhosin is only usable on the 5.X branch and should not be used on production servers as 5.X reached EOL.**
```

## Snuggleupagus (PHP 7.X)

> [Snuggleupagus](https://github.com/nbs-system/snuffleupagus) is continuing what [Suhosin started](https://github.com/sektioneins/suhosin-ng/wiki/News#2019-07-17-suhosin-is-back). It allows you to control PHP behaviour at a deeper level. [Detailed documentation is available here](https://snuffleupagus.readthedocs.io/)

Reviewer 2: @rbsec is this project actually still being worked at? If it's in Beta, the development work is too slow. We don't set projects that are still in Beta in the CS as they are not good recommendations for people looking for robust recommendations that are quick. Can we look into something different, or this section will have to be removed.

Reviewer: @ThunderSon there's been a reasonable number of commits in the GitHub repo this year, so it's still under development, but it's certainly in the pre-release stage. There was a Suhosin7 project, but that got abandoned a while ago. I don't think there's anything more mature than Snuffleupagus, but I'll have more of a look around and see if there's anything out there.

Reviewer 2: Since there's still that much confusion on it and it's _that much early_, I'll refrain from putting this in the project.

Author: Ohk i think i get where the confusion is coming from.  Let me put things in a timeline.
PHP5 : suhosin
PHP 7: suhosin 7 starts but no work is done, Snuffleupagus comes in and does work. Snuffleupagus is usable and works.  suhousin-ng comes and suggests we will do our work but will push updates back to Snuffleupagus as they are doing good. 

The two links i gave were for this purpose to clearly suggest the old here suhosin is now supporting new kid Snuffleupagus

does that makes it clear. 

if you want i can remove all links and just keep Snuffleupagus in link.
